Question 4: 
	Question: The Internet is a network of interconnected networks, and the World Wide Web is a system of linked pages, programs, and files that is accessed via the Internet.
	- What I selected: Nothing
	- Why I got it wrong: Didn’t answer because I didn’t know the question
	- Answer: The Internet is a network of interconnected networks, and the World Wide Web is a system of linked pages, programs, and files that is accessed via the Internet.

Question 7: 
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      Yellow
    </td>
    <td>
      Black
    </td>
    <td>
      Green
    </td>
    <td>
      Green
    </td>
    <td>
      Red
    </td>
    <td>
      Yellow
    </td>
    <td>
      Black
    </td>
    <td>
      Black
    </td>
    <td>
      Yellow
    </td>
    <td>
      Black
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      -
    </td>
    <td>
      X
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
    
    Question: 
    
    Rules, X is the player
    If the player is on yellow, it moves left by 3
    If the player is on green, it moves 2 to the right
    Otherwise the player moves to the left by 1 step
    If the player lands on red or moves off the board it ends the game
    
    Given this, how many iterations of these instructions does it take to end the round?
	
    What I selected: 5 iterations
    What the answer is: 4 iterations

    Why I got this wrong: I didn’t read that green moves 2 to the right and red ends the game, making me assume that it would take 5 turns instead of 4

--

    Question 14:
		
--

    Question 19:
	  Question: Which of the following best explains how devices and information can be susceptible to unauthorized access if weak passwords are used?
	
	  Selected: A.) Unauthorized individuals can deny service to a computing system by overwhelming the system with login attempts.

    Answer: D.) Unauthorized individuals can use data mining and other techniques to guess a user’s password.

    Why did I chose this: I didn’t know what data mining was, causing me to get confused on the question
  
--

    Question 24:
    Question: In which of the following situations would it be most appropriate to choose lossy compression over lossless compression?
    
    Selected: D.) Storing a video file on an external device in order to preserve the highest possible video quality
    Answer: C.) Storing music files on a smartphone in order to maximize the number of songs that can be stored

    Why I chose this: I thought lossy and lossless were swapped, that lossy meant for maximum data retaining, yet that wasn’t the case. 

--

    Question 32:
    Question: Which of the following is a true statement about the use of public key encryption in transmitting messages?
    
    Selected: B) Public key encryption is not considered a secure method of communication because a public key can be intercepted.

    Answer: A) Public key encryption enables parties to initiate secure communications through an open medium, such as the Internet, in which there might be eavesdroppers.

    Why I chose this: I thought Public Key encryption was single Key encryption shared to the public

--

    Question 36:
    Question: Individuals sometimes attempt to remove personal information from the Internet. Which of the following is the LEAST likely reason the personal information is hard to remove?

    Selected: A) Internet users with a copy of the information might redistribute the personal information without first seeking permission.
    Answer: D) All personal information is stored online using authentication measures, making the information hard to access.
    Why I chose this: I didn’t read the LEAST part of the sentence, convincing me of the most common reason why

    Question 45:
      Question: Assuming O is the bot and X is the target, what set of instructions need to be imputed to get the result with the provided code:
      
      <code>
        function botStepper(n){<br>
          for(var c = 0; c < n; c++){<br>
            moveForward()<br>
          }<br>
          rotateLeft()<br>
          for(var c = 0; c < n; c++){<br>
            moveForward()<br>
          }<br>
          rotateRight()<br>
        }<br>
      </code>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          X
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          /\
        </td>
      </tr>
        <tr>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          /\
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -&gt;
        </td>
        <td>
          -&gt;
        </td>
        <td>
          -&gt;
        </td>
        <td>
          -&gt;
        </td>
        <td>
          /\
        </td>
      </tr>
        <tr>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          /\
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>
          O
        </td>
        <td>
          -&gt;
        </td>
        <td>
          /\
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
        <td>
          -
        </td>
      </tr>
    <table>
    Selected: A.) botStepper(2); botStepper(3)
    Answer: botStepper(2); moveForward(); botStepper(3);
    Why I chose this: Didn’t count the amount of steps for the second iteration and assumed it would be 3

--

    Question 50:
      Question: Which of the following best explains how symmetric encryption algorithms are typically used?
      Selected: Symmetric encryption uses two keys. The key used for encryption should be made public, but the key used for decryption should be kept secret.
      Answer: Symmetric encryption uses a single key that should be kept secret. The same key is used for both encryption and decryption of data.
      Why I chose this: I thought it was Public Key Encryption 

    Beyond this point at question 56 I didn’t complete the questions, therefore, I had the questions wrong because I failed to manage my time: 

Reflection: 
	I learned that in order to increase my score, I need better time management skills. If I gave myself a minute per question, instead of the 46 I answered before the bell rang(I answered 10 at home) I would have had closer to 58 questions completed. Then I could go back on the questions I missed. I feel with this strategy on the actual test I would have had a higher score than I would have, increasing my chances at a better score.


